With that in this module we covered a lot of the things or we practiced a lot of the things you already
learned about.
There wasn't dead much new knowledge.
The icons here in the drawer.
That's something we haven't done before.
But in general most of the things you saw here are things we already covered earlier.
But that was the idea of this module.
I hope you saw it as as a good practice to practice the things you learned.
I hope you also try this on your own first or at least I would recommend that you still go ahead and
try it on your own.
Even if you now follow the long that you rebuilt this from scratch on your own so that you really practice
all the things that are important here navigation creating components managing data with redux.
So did your well-prepared for the next module where we will now dive into details like for example managing
the user input here in a more elegant way and adding validation thereafter will also make sure that
we save data on a server that we save our products there in our orders and thereafter will even add
authentication to make sure that we work with users in this application.
So with that let's move on.